{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh16480\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Original Sentence\
Example 1:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
This AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (this "Agreement") is made and entered into as of August 15, 2011, by and among GOOGLE INC., a Delaware corporation ("Parent"), RB98 INC., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent ("Merger Sub"), and MOTOROLA MOBILITY HOLDINGS, INC., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"). \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Example 2: 
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (this "
\b Agreement
\b0 ") dated as of April\'a019, 2009, among Sun Microsystems, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "
\b Company
\b0 "), Oracle Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("
\b Parent
\b0 "), and Soda Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent ("
\b Merger Subsidiary
\b0 ").\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Example 3: 
\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb1 AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, dated as of September\'a08, 2014 (this "\ul Agreement\ulnone "), by and among General Mills, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("\ul Parent\ulnone "), Sandy Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent ("\ul Merger Sub\ulnone "), and Annie's, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "\ul Company\ulnone ").\

\b Example 4:
\b0 \
This AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION (this "Agreement") is made and entered into as of September\'a09, 2013 (the "Agreement Date"), by and among Twitter, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Acquiror"), Raptor Merger Inc., a Delaware corporation and direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Acquiror (the "Merger Sub"), MoPub Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), and Fortis Advisors LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, solely in its capacity as Stockholders' Agent ("Stockholders' Agent").\
\

\b Example 5:
\b0 \
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, dated as of August\'a018, 2010 (this "\ul \ulc4 Agreement\ulnone "), among INTEL CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation ("\ul Parent\ulnone "), JEFFERSON ACQUISITION CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent ("\ul Merger Sub\ulnone "), and MCAFEE, INC., a Delaware corporation (the "\ul Company\ulnone ").\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Example 6:
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
This AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (this "Agreement"), dated as of November\'a030, 2010, is entered into by and among Groupon,\'a0Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Purchaser"), Groupon Ludic,\'a0Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Purchaser ("Merger Sub"), Ludic Labs,\'a0Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), and the person designated from time to time as the Stockholders' Representative pursuant to that certain Consent, Release and Stockholders' Representative Agreement dated as of the date hereof (the "Stockholders' Representative").\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf4 Example 7:
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \cb3 This AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, dated as of July 26, 2012 (this "Agreement"), is entered into by and among Apple Inc., a California corporation ("Parent"), Bryce Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned Subsidiary of Parent ("Merger Sub"), and AuthenTec, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"). Certain terms used in this Agreement are used as defined in Section 1.1. 
\f0 \cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Breakdown of Sentence				
\b0 \

\b Example 1: 
\b0 \
Agreement and Plan of Merger 			Agreement\
made and entered into as of			August 15, 2011\
by and among					list companies/mergers\
Google Inc.						Parent\
RB98 Inc.						Merger Sub\
Motorola Mobility Holdings, Inc.			Company\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Example 2: 
\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Agreement and Plan of Merger 			Agreement\
dated as of						April 19, 2009\
among						list companies/mergers\
Sun Microsystems, Inc.				Company\
Oracle Corporation					Parent\
Soda Acquisition Corporation			Merger Subsidiary \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Example 3: 
\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Agreement and Plan of Merger 			Agreement\
dated as of						September 8, 2014\
by and among					list companies/mergers\
General Mills, Inc.					Parent\
Sandy Acquisition Corporation			Merger Sub\
Annie\'92s, Inc.						Company\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Example 4: 
\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Agreement and Plan of Reorganization		Agreement\
is made and entered into as of			September 9, 2013\
by and among					list companies/mergers\
Twitter, Inc.						Acquiror \
Raptor Merger Inc.					Merger Sub\
MoPub Inc.						Company\
Fortis Advisors LLC 					Stockholders\'92 Agent\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Example 5: 
\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Agreement and Plan of Merger 			Agreement\
dated	as of						August 18, 2010\
among						list companies/mergers\
Intel Corporation					Parent\
Jefferson Acquisition Corporation			Merger Sub\
McAfee						Company\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Example 6: 
\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Agreement and Plan of Merger 			Agreement\
dated 	as of						November 30, 2010\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
is entered into by and among \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 			list companies/mergers\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Groupon, Inc.					Purchaser\
Groupon Ludic, Inc.					Merger Sub\
Ludic Labs, Inc. 					Company\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 the person designated from time to 		Stockholders\'92 Representative\
time as the Stockholders' Representative\cf2 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Example 7: 
\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Agreement and Plan of Merger 			Agreement\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
dated as of 						July 26, 2012 
\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \

\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
is entered into by and among 
\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 			list companies/mergers\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Apple Inc.						Parent\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Bryce Acquisition Corporation
\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 			Merger Sub\

\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
AuthenTec, Inc.
\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 					Company\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
}