{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14200\viewh16500\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Original Sentence\
Example 1:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Sentence Location: 
\b0 SECTION 3.02. Capitalization. (a) 
\b \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \

\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 900,000,000 Shares and 500,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share (the "Preferred Stock"). As of the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the date hereof, 298,022,521 Shares were issued and outstanding, no shares of Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding and 794,656 Shares were held in the Company's treasury. In addition, as of the end of the Business Day on August 11, 2011, there were outstanding Existing Stock Options to purchase an aggregate of 23,555,133 Shares, Existing Restricted Stock Awards with respect to an aggregate of 318,792 Shares, Existing RSU Awards with respect to an aggregate of 8,417,987 Shares, and Existing DSU Awards with respect to an aggregate of 37,670 Shares. Since such date, and prior to the date hereof, the Company has not issued any Shares, has not granted any options, restricted stock, warrants or rights or entered into any other agreements or commitments that might require it to issue any Shares, or granted any other awards in respect of any Shares and has not split, combined or reclassified any of its shares of capital stock, other than Shares issuable upon exercise of the Existing Stock Options, upon the settlement of Existing Restricted Stock Awards, Existing RSU Awards or the Existing DSU Awards. All of the Shares outstanding have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and nonassessable and are free of preemptive rights. \cb1 \
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Sentence Location:
\b0 \cf2 \cb3  SECTION 1.06. Conversion of Shares. \
At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the Company, Merger Sub or the holders of any securities of the Company or Merger Sub, each share of common stock of the Company, par value $0.01 per share (each, a "Share"), issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than Shares owned by Parent, Merger Sub or any wholly owned Subsidiary (as defined below) of Parent or the Company or held in the treasury of the Company, all of which shall be canceled without any consideration being exchanged therefor, and other than Dissenting Shares (as defined below), which shall have only those rights set forth in Section 2.01) shall, subject to Section 1.10, be converted at the Effective Time into the right to receive in cash an amount per Share (subject to any applicable withholding Tax (as defined below)) equal to $40.00, without interest (the "Merger Consideration"). At the Effective Time all such Shares shall no longer be outstanding and shall automatically be canceled and shall cease to exist, and each holder of such Shares shall cease to have any rights with respect thereto, except the right to receive the Merger Consideration as provided herein. \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Example 2: \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Sentence Location: 
\b0 \cf2 \cb3 Section 4.05. 
\i \cf2 \cb3 Capitalization
\i0 \cf2 \cb3 . (a) \
The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of (i) 1,800,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company, par value $0.001 per share (the "
\b \cf2 \cb3 Company Common Stock
\b0 \cf2 \cb3 "), and (ii) 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.001 per share (the "
\b \cf2 \cb3 Company Preferred Stock
\b0 \cf2 \cb3 "). The rights and privileges of the Company Common Stock and the Company Preferred Stock are as set forth in the Company's certificate of incorporation. At the close of business on April 16, 2009, 745,738,077 shares of Company Common Stock were issued and outstanding (of which 33,495 were Company Restricted Stock Awards), 154,499,508 shares of Company Common Stock were held by the Company as treasury shares, and zero shares of Company Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding; warrants to purchase an aggregate of 24,263,432 shares of Company Common Stock were issued and outstanding pursuant to the 2012 Warrant Transaction and the 2014 Warrant Transaction (of which warrants to purchase zero shares of Company Common Stock were exercisable); 30,335,935 shares of Company Common Stock were reserved for issuance upon conversion of (x) the Company's 0.750% Convertible Senior Notes due 2014 issued pursuant to the Indenture dated as of January 26, 2007 between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association (the "
\b \cf2 \cb3 2014 Convertible Notes Indenture
\b0 \cf2 \cb3 ") and (y) the Company's 0.625% Convertible Senior Notes due 2012 issued pursuant to the Indenture dated as of January 26, 2007 between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association (the "
\b \cf2 \cb3 2012 Convertible Notes Indenture
\b0 \cf2 \cb3 " and, together with the 2014 Convertible Notes Indenture, the "
\b \cf2 \cb3 Convertible Notes Indentures
\b0 \cf2 \cb3 "); Company Stock Options to purchase an aggregate of 77,845,581 shares of Company Common Stock were issued and outstanding (of which Company Stock Options to purchase an aggregate of 63,621,184 shares of Company Common Stock were exercisable); and an aggregate of 31,613,572 shares of Company Common Stock were reserved for settlement of Company RSUs. No Subsidiary of the Company owns any shares of Company Common Stock. All outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company have been, and all shares that may be issued pursuant to any Company Stock Plan will be, when issued in accordance with the respective terms thereof, duly authorized and validly issued and are (or, in the case of shares that have not yet been issued, will be) fully paid, nonassessable and free of preemptive rights. \cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 Sentence Location: 
\b0 \cf2 \cb3 Section 2.03. 
\i \cf2 \cb3 Conversion of Shares
\i0 \cf2 \cb3 . (a)\
At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the holders thereof: (a) except as otherwise provided in Section 2.03(b), Section 2.05 or Section 2.06(b), each share of Company Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be converted into the right to receive $9.50 in cash, without interest (the "
\b \cf2 \cb3 Merger Consideration
\b0 \cf2 \cb3 "); 
\f2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Example 3: \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Sentence Location: 
\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 Section 3.8 Capitalization (a)
\f2 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \cb3 The Company's authorized capital stock consists solely of (i) 30,000,000 shares of Common Stock and (ii) 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.001 per share (the "Preferred Stock"). As of September 6, 2014 (the "Measurement Date"), (A) 17,096,096 shares of Common Stock were issued and outstanding, (B) 924,719 shares of Common Stock were reserved for issuance upon the exercise and vesting of outstanding Company Options, (C) 72,962 shares of Common Stock were reserved for issuance upon the vesting and settlement of outstanding Company RSUs, (D) 98,839 shares of Common Stock were reserved for issuance upon the vesting and settlement of outstanding Company PSUs, at target, (E) no shares of Common Stock were held in treasury by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and (F) no shares of Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 Sentence Location: 
\b0 Recitals\
WHEREAS, in furtherance of such acquisition, Parent has agreed to cause Merger Sub to commence a tender offer (as it may be amended from time to time as permitted by this Agreement, the "Offer") to purchase any and all of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company, par value $0.001 per share (the "Common Stock") at a price of $46.00 per share of Common Stock (such amount or any different amount per share paid pursuant to the Offer and this Agreement, the "Offer Price"), subject to any required withholding of Taxes, net to the seller in cash without interest, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement; 
\f2 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf4 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf4 Example 4:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Sentence Location: 
\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 2.2 Capitalization. (a)
\f2 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \cb3 The authorized capital stock of the Company consists solely of (i) 26,000,000 shares of Company Common Stock, of which 9,206,501 shares are issued and outstanding as of the date hereof, and\cf2 \cb1  \cf2 \cb3 (ii) 12,270,961 shares of Company Preferred Stock, of which (x) 3,124,423 shares are designated "Series Seed Preferred Stock", 3,124,423 shares of which are issued and outstanding as of the date hereof, (y) 4,946,538 shares are designated "Series A Preferred Stock", 4,946,538 shares of which are issued and outstanding as of the date hereof, and (z) 4,550,000 shares are designated "Series B Preferred Stock", 4,503,074 shares of which are issued and outstanding as of the date hereof. Each share of Company Preferred Stock is convertible into shares of Company Common Stock at a 1:1 ratio, and there are no outstanding anti-dilution or other adjustments to the respective conversion rates of the Company Preferred Stock. 
\f2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 Section Location: 
\b0 \cf2 \cb3 3.5 409A Valuation. \
As of the date of this Agreement, the most recent appraisal of Acquiror Common Stock completed to determine the fair market value of Acquiror Common Stock in accordance with the valuation standards set forth in Section 409A of the Code was performed by Duff & Phelps Corporation (such appraisal, the "
\i\b \cf2 \cb3 Acquiror Appraisal
\i0\b0 \cf2 \cb3 ") which (i) determined the fair market value of Acquiror Common Stock as of August 5, 2013 (the "
\i\b \cf2 \cb3 Acquiror Appraisal Date
\i0\b0 \cf2 \cb3 ") to be $20.62 per share and (ii) is evidenced by a written report dated as of August 8, 2013. As of the date of this Agreement, there have been no other appraisals of Acquiror Common Stock since the Acquiror Appraisal Date by an independent appraiser for the purpose of determining the fair market value of Acquiror Common Stock in connection with equity-based compensation. 
\f2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf4 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf4 Example 5:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Sentence Location: 
\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 3.3 Capitalization. (a) \
The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 300,000,000 Company Shares and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share ("
\b Company Preferred Stock
\b0 "). 
\f2 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \

\b Sentence Location: Recital
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
WHEREAS, Parent, Merger Sub and the Company intend to effect a merger (the "
\b \cf2 \cb3 Merger
\b0 \cf2 \cb3 ") of Merger Sub with and into the Company in accordance with this Agreement and the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the "
\b \cf2 \cb3 DGCL
\b0 \cf2 \cb3 "), with the Company to be the surviving corporation of the Merger (the "
\b \cf2 \cb3 Surviving Corporation
\b0 \cf2 \cb3 "), and each share of Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company (collectively, the "
\b \cf2 \cb3 Company Shares
\b0 \cf2 \cb3 ") to be thereupon canceled and converted into the right to receive cash in an amount equal to $48.00 per Company Share (the "
\b \cf2 \cb3 Merger Consideration
\b0 \cf2 \cb3 "), on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein; 
\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Example 6:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Sentence Location: 
\b0 AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER\cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The entire authorized capital stock of the Company consists of (A) 15,000,000 shares of Common Stock, of which 4,302,964 shares are issued and outstanding, and\cf2 \cb1  \cf2 \cb3 (B) 4,300,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock, of which 4,185,669 shares are issued and outstanding. Schedule 3(e)(i) of the Disclosure Schedule sets forth the name of each holder of record of the Company Capital Stock and the number and type of shares owned by such holder. All of the outstanding shares of Company Capital Stock are validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. 
\f2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf4 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf4 Example 7:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \cb3 Sentence Location: 
\b0 \cf2 \cb3 SECTION 4.3. Capitalization. (a) \
The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 100,000,000 shares of Company Common Stock and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share (the "Company Preferred Stock"). The rights and privileges of the Company Common Stock and Company Preferred Stock are set forth in the Company's certificate of incorporation. At the close of business on July 24, 2012, (i) 44,744,222 shares of Company Common Stock were issued and outstanding, (ii) no shares of Company Common Stock were held by the Company in its treasury, (iii) 10,814,153 shares of Company Common Stock were reserved for issuance under the Company Stock Plans (of which 6,848,444 shares of Company Common Stock were subject to outstanding Options granted under the Company Stock Plans) and (iv) no shares of Company Preferred Stock were issued or outstanding. No shares of Company Common Stock or Company Preferred Stock were issued or reserved for issuance between July 24, 2012 and the date hereof. All outstanding shares of Company Common Stock have been, and all shares of Company Common Stock to be issued pursuant to the Company Stock Plans will be, when issued in accordance with the respective terms thereof, duly authorized and validly issued and are (or, in the case of shares of Company Common Stock that have not yet been issued, will be) fully paid, nonassessable and free of preemptive rights and were (or, in the case of shares of Company Common Stock that have not yet been issued, will be) issued in compliance with all applicable Law. 
\f2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \
Sentence Location: 
\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 SECTION 3.1. 
\f0 \cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \cb3 Effect on Capital Stock. At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the holder of any shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company ("Company Common Stock") or any shares of capital stock of Merger Sub: (a) Capital Stock of Merger Sub. Each issued and outstanding share of capital stock of Merger Sub shall be converted into and become one (1) validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Surviving Corporation and shall constitute the only outstanding shares of capital stock of the Surviving Corporation. From and after the Effective Time, all certificates representing shares of capital stock of Merger Sub shall be deemed for all purposes to represent the number of shares of common stock of the Surviving Corporation into which they were converted in accordance with the immediately preceding sentence. (b) Treasury Stock, Parent-Owned Stock and Subsidiary-Owned Stock. Any shares of Company Common Stock that are owned by the Company as treasury stock, and any shares of Company Common Stock owned by Parent, Merger Sub or any Subsidiary of the Company, shall be automatically cancelled and shall cease to exist, and no consideration shall be delivered in exchange therefor. (c) Conversion of Company Common Stock. Each issued and outstanding share of Company Common Stock (other than shares treated in accordance with\cf2 \cb1  \cf2 \cb3 Section 3.1(b) and Dissenting Shares) shall be converted into the right to receive $8.00 in cash, without interest (the "Merger Consideration"). As of the Effective Time, all such shares of Company Common Stock shall no longer be outstanding and shall automatically be cancelled and shall cease to exist, and each holder of (i) a certificate, which immediately prior to the Effective Time represented any such shares of Company Common Stock (each, a "Certificate") and (ii) a share of Company Common Stock held in book-entry form (a "Book- Entry Share"), shall cease to have any rights with respect thereto, except the right to receive the Merger Consideration to be paid in consideration therefor upon surrender of such Certificate or Book-Entry Share, as the case may be, in accordance with Section 3.2(b), without interest. 
\f2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf4 \
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Breakdown of Sentence				
\b0 \

\b Example 1: 
\b0 \
Amount of Share Common Stock			900,000,000 Shares\
Common Stock cost per Share			
\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
receive in cash an amount per Share equal to $40.00 \
							
\f0 par value $0.01 per share \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Example 2: 
\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Amount of Share Common Stock 			\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1,800,000,000 shares \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
Common Stock cost per Share			
\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
receive $9.50 in cash 
\f0 \
							par value $0.001 per share (the "
\b \cf2 \cb3 Company Common Stock
\b0 \cf2 \cb3 ")\cf2 \cb1 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Example 3: 
\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Amount of Share Common Stock 			\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
30,000,000 shares \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
Common Stock cost per Share			
\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
at a price of $46.00 per share of Common Stock
\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
							
\f1 \cf2 \cb3 par value $0.001 per share\

\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Example 4: 
\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Amount of Share Common Stock 			
\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
26,000,000 shares 
\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
Common Stock cost per Share			
\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
to be $20.62 per share \
							\cf2 \cb3 $0.00001 par value per share, of the Company. 
\f2 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Example 5: 
\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Amount of Share Common Stock 			
\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
300,000,000 
\f0 shares \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
Common Stock cost per Share			
\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
cash in an amount equal to $48.00 per Company Share
\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
							par value $0.01 per share 
\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Example 6: 
\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Amount of Share Common Stock 			
\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
15,000,000 shares
\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
Common Stock cost per Share			\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
par value $0.001 per share (the "
\b \cf2 \cb3 Company Common Stock
\b0 \cf2 \cb3 ")\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Example 7: 
\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Amount of Share Common Stock 			
\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
100,000,000 shares 
\f0  \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
Common Stock cost per Share			
\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
receive $8.00 in cash
\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
							
\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
par value $0.01 per share
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
}